Assignment 8 Lab Document:

1. I connected my beaglebone to the computer with a usb to microusb cable as
the instructions specified

2. I found BEAGLEBONE under devices and opened up START.htm

3. Since my beaglebone was used, I had to update the software on the device.
To do this, I followed the steps online and used balenaEtcher to load the
debian 9.5 image onto an SD card. Once I did this, I did not need to install
any new drivers

4. I did not need to run the sudo rm rf.... command from piazza as I did not
install any new drivers.

5. I opened up 192.168.7.2 and established a connection to my beaglebone.
Then I opened up terminal and typed up ssh debian@192.168.6.2. I then typed
up the password "temppwd" as specified by the piazza instructions. This only
worked when I connected to my beaglebone wifi where the password is
"BeagleBone".

6. After SSHing to my beaglebone, I started the process of connecting it to
wifi by running the commands on piazza. The first command I ran was
"connmanctl". Then to turn on wifi for the beaglebone, I ran the command
"enable wifi". To scan for available networks, I ran the command "scan wifi".
To view the networks, I ran the command "services". Then I ran "agent on" so
that I can register as the prospective client. The wifi I wanted to connect to
was UCLA_WEB, so I ran the command
"connect wifi_5cf821d68a6d_55434c415f574542_managed_none". There was no
passphrase so I just ran "quit" once I received a message that the connection
was successful.

7. I connected to UCLA_WEB since this was a valid choice for connecting
without having issues

8. I found the IP address of my beaglebone by running the command "ifconfig"
and looking under wlan0:inet. My IP address is 172.28.130.174. I gave this to
my teammate Omer Katz from lab session 8 to use for connection.

9. In order to update the database of apt-get, I ran the command
sudo apt-get update. This took some time as I was running an installation.
Once this finished I ran the command sudo apt-get install xauth && sudo
apt-get install xvfb. This also took some time to complete.

10. Since my beaglebone came with X11 disabled, I had to manually enable X11
forwarding by changing the contents of the /etc/ssh/ssh_config and
/etc/ssh/sshd_config files. To do this, I ran the command
sudo vim /etc/ssh/ssh_config and /etc/ssh/sshd_config respectively. On each
one, I changed all X11 forwarding and Forwarding Agent to yes. I also checked
to make sure I have Xquartz on my mac, and to make sure I have the latest
version, I used a curl request with the command:

    ruby -e "$(curl -fsSL
    https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Homebrew/install/master/install)"
    < /dev/null 2> /dev/null ; brew install caskroom/cask/brew-cask 2
    > /dev/null

and then with the command brew cask install xquartz


11. Finally, in order to have the firefox web browser with GUI support on my
beaglebone, I ran the command sudo apt-get install firefox-esr-l10n-en-gb.